
Of course, here's a collection of 50 motivational, success, and friendship quotes in simple and understandable English:

Motivational Quotes:

"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." - Unknown
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
Success Quotes:

"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows." - Aristotle Onassis
"Success is not just about making money. It's about making a difference." - Unknown
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Success is a journey, not a destination." - Arthur Ashe
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that is changing quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg
"Success is achieved by those who dare to dream big and work hard to make those dreams come true." - Unknown
Friendship Quotes:

"A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." - Walter Winchell
"Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one.'" - C.S. Lewis
"A true friend is the greatest of all blessings." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together." - Woodrow Wilson
"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." - Elbert Hubbard
"A single rose can be my garden; a single friend, my world." - Leo Buscaglia
"Friendship is not about whom you have known the longest... It's about who came, and never left your side." - Unknown
"A true friend is someone who is there for you when they would rather be anywhere else." - Len Wein
"Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing." - Elie Wiesel
"In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures." - Khalil Gibran
Feel free to use these quotes for motivation, success, and expressing the value of friendship